Providers to have allowed list of pipeline frameworks and handle default beam args (#611)
sky-uk/kfp-operator: docs-gen/content/docs/reference/resources/provider.md

| `spec.frameworks`                       | Frameworks supported by the provider. Currently only `tfx` is supported.                                                                                                                                                           |                                                                                                                     |
| `spec.frameworks[0].name`               | Name of the framework.                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `tfx`                                                                                                               |
| `spec.frameworks[0].image`              | Framework image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `ghcr.io/kfp-operator/kfp-operator-tfx-compiler:version-tag`                                                        |

> | `spec.frameworks[0].patches`            | Patches to be applied to pipeline resource definition JSON.                                                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: I just wanted to give users a bit more detail about what these patches are and how they will be applied because I think this functionality is not that straightforward.

Sidenote: If you agree with the suggestion, you might want to apply it manually instead of committing directly from this comment so you can align the markdown table lines `|`.

```suggestion
| `spec.frameworks[0].patches`            | List of JSON patches that will be applied to every `Pipeline` resource that uses this `Provider`. The patches will be applied when the `Pipeline` resource is passed (as JSON) to the corresponding Argo Workflow.                                                                                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                     |
```

| `spec.frameworks[0].patches[0].type`    | The type of patch to be applied to the pipeline resource definition JSON. Can be either `json` ([RFC6902](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6902)) or `merge` ([RFC7396](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7396)).   | `json`                                                                                                              |

> | `spec.frameworks[0].patches[0].payload` | The patch to be applied to the pipeline resource definition JSON.                                                                                                                                                                  | `[{ "op": "add", "path": "/framework/parameters/beamArgs/0", "value": { "name": "newArg", "value": "newValue" } }]` |

Reviewer: Ok this might need a longer discussion because I'm now questioning the entire `patches` approach:

Every `Pipeline` has a framework with a `Name` and `Parameters`.

Couldn't we add a `Parameters` field to each `Framework` in the `Provider` which matches the `Parameters` field on `Pipelines`? Instead of generic JSON patches that can override anything on the `Pipeline` resource?

Reviewer 2: We discussed possible solutions in the design phase and agreed that using the patches solution give a much more generic solution allowing for all possible mutation of pipeline framework parameters by the provider operators. We can have defaults, overrides and anything else, e.g. remove a parameter that provider operators don't want users setting.
